c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Timesheets.DomainService.dll.config
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Timesheets.DomainService.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Timesheets.DomainService.pdb
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Owin.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Timesheets.Database.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Timesheets.Domain.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Timesheets.Database.pdb
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Timesheets.Domain.pdb
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\obj\Release\Timesheets.DomainService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\obj\Release\Timesheets.DomainService.dll
c:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\obj\Release\Timesheets.DomainService.pdb
C:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Timesheets.Common.dll
C:\Users\riedwaan.petersen\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Timesheets\Timesheets.DomainService\bin\Release\Timesheets.Common.pdb
